Docs: Rewrite Installation Instructions: User Guide (#9220)
certbot/certbot: certbot/docs/install.rst

   :local:

About Certbot
=============

> *Certbot is meant to be run directly on a web server*, normally by a system administrator. In most cases, running Certbot on your personal computer is not a useful option. The instructions below relate to installing and running Certbot on a server.

Reviewer: I'm not sure how obvious this is to our audience who "just want a certificate". What do you think about leaving it in?

===================

> - Python 3.7+

Reviewer: For most installation methods, Python is not required to be installed separately. I think only our packagers and `pip` users care about this. For the latter, the requirement is documented in the instruction generator.

```suggestion
```

> - UNIX-like operating system

Reviewer: Perhaps it will be easier to be explicit:

>Linux, macOS, *BSD and Windows

> - Root access

Reviewer: Maybe:

>Root access on Linux/*BSD (recommended), Administrator access on Windows (required)

> - Port 80 Open

Reviewer: On the fence about this one. I guess it's true for the majority of users, if we go by the authenticator statistics that show HTTP is the most common challenge method.

On the other hand, it's not an installation requirement. Maybe this belongs in the User Guide, where we describe the plugin choices.

Author: For reference, I tried to model this section after the Certbot home page where the list was simple.
![Screenshot 2022-06-02 at 11-39-14 Certbot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4276080/171702671-efc51e5c-3855-4ba9-86ae-b7f3b3d37099.png)

> .. Note:: To run without root privileges, but for most users who want to avoid running an ACME client as root, either letsencrypt-nosudo or simp_le are more appropriate choices.

Reviewer: The advice here needs a refresh. The projects mentioned look abandoned and aren't going to be helpful to users.

What might be useful to mention to users is that Certbot is most useful when run with root privileges, because it is then able to automatically configure SSL for Apache and nginx.

> .. Note:: The Apache plugin currently requires an OS with augeas version 1.0; currently `it supports <https://github.com/certbot/certbot/blob/master/certbot-apache/certbot_apache/_internal/constants.py>`_ modern OSes based on Debian, Ubuntu, Fedora, SUSE, Gentoo and Darwin. 

Reviewer: As with Python, I don't think we need to mention Augeas here at all.

Installation
=============

Unless you have very specific requirements, we kindly suggest that you use the installation instructions for your system found at https://certbot.eff.org/instructions.

.. _snap-install:

Snap (Recommended)
------------------

> Our instructions are the same across all systems that use Snap. You can find instructions for installing the Certbot snap at https://certbot.eff.org/instructions?ws=other&os=snap

Reviewer: I see the appeal in a direct link, but I'm a little worried that users will miss the "Server" dropdown and end up with instructions that don't use `--apache` or `--nginx`, due to "Other" being selected.

To avoid this, we could copy the wording of the `pip` installation method.

Most modern Linux distributions (basically any that use systemd) can install Certbot packaged as a snap. Snaps are available for x86_64, ARMv7 and ARMv8 architectures. The Certbot snap provides an easy way to ensure you have the latest version of Certbot with features like automated certificate renewal preconfigured.

> If you are offline or your operating system doesn't provide a package, you can use
> an alternate method for installing ``certbot``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you unable to use snaps, you can use an alternate method for installing ``certbot``.
```

.. _Docker: https://docker.com
.. _`install Docker`: https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/
.. _certbot.eff.org: https://certbot.eff.org/instructions

.. _pip:

Alternative 2: Pip
------------------

Installing Certbot through pip is only supported on a best effort basis and
when using a virtual environment. Instructions for installing Certbot through
pip can be found at https://certbot.eff.org/instructions by selecting your
server software and then choosing "pip" in the "System" dropdown menu.

.. _third-party:

Alternative 3: Third Party Distributions
----------------------------------------

Third party distributions exist for other specific needs. They often are maintained

> by these parties outside of Certbot and tend to rapid fall out of date on LTS-style distributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by these parties outside of Certbot and tend to rapidly fall out of date on LTS-style distributions.
```

.. _Docker: https://docker.com
.. _`install Docker`: https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/
.. _certbot.eff.org: https://certbot.eff.org/instructions

Alternative 2: Pip
------------------

Installing Certbot through pip is only supported on a best effort basis and

> when using a virtual environment. Instructions for installing Certbot through

Reviewer: This always seemed a little ambiguous to me:

```suggestion
when using a Python virtual environment. Instructions for installing Certbot through
```

pip can be found at https://certbot.eff.org/instructions by selecting your
server software and then choosing "pip" in the "System" dropdown menu.

.. _certbot-auto:

> 

Reviewer: Potentially we could list a third alternative here, which is distro packages.

It could be a good place to call out:

1. Their existence
2. That they are maintained by third-parties, unlike the methods listed here
3. That they tend to rapidly become out-of-date on LTS-style distros
